By decree of the King of Great Yan:
Consort Helian of Great Yan,
virtuous by nature,
diligent, and gentle,
is hereby elevated to Queen of Great Yan,
effective immediately.
Huo Sang, elder of the Baichuan Tribe,
hails from a lineage
that has been loyal and valiant
for generations.
His daughter, Baichuan—virtuous, gentle,
and accomplished in
both character and talent—
is hereby granted the title of Consort.
The daughter of the Elder of the Pale Tribe
is hereby appointed Consort,
with the three cities
of Linchuan, Shazhou, and Jiuhe
bestowed as her personal fief!
-Thank you, Your Majesty!
[REBIRTH]
[Episode 38]
Chu!
I'll marry you
and make you the Queen of Great Yan.
I'll take you to ride Mount Huihui horses.
Chu...
♪ The flowers fall into the sleeves ♪
♪ They do not understand my sorrow ♪
♪ With a pot of wine ♪
♪ My longing surges ♪
♪ I become haggard ♪
♪ Soft rain patters on the windowpane ♪
♪ Awakening from the dream,
I no longer know what year it is ♪
♪ My love remains ♪
♪ But you're already gone ♪
♪ What I seek in life ♪
♪ Is nothing more
than to look back once more ♪
♪ With the fragrance still lingering ♪
♪ In these trembling hands ♪
♪ My longing still rests ♪
♪ Words left unspoken ♪
♪ Turn into guilt ♪
♪ Beneath the stars ♪
♪ Rippling throughout this life ♪
♪ I ask the vast sky ♪
♪ The wind is light,
but my longing is heavy ♪
♪ How do we start over? ♪
♪ How do we love
and hold on without parting ♪
♪ Or misunderstanding each other? ♪
♪ Do not let me only understand
the meaning of a fleeting glance ♪
♪ When my eyes are red with tears ♪
♪ What cannot be kept,
can only be sent away ♪
♪ In the end ♪
Helian.
Thank you for being willing to help me.
Your Majesty.
Since childhood, I've dreamed of one day
becoming the queen of Great Yan.
Only this way
could I bring honor to our tribe,
stop my brother from bullying me,
and protect my clansmen from
further humiliation.
So today
is the day my wish comes true.
I am very happy.
Tomorrow,
the troops of
the Pale and the Baichuan Tribes
will arrive here.
In three days,
I will lead the campaign to Ximeng
to fight the Yong Army.
Your Majesty once said...
you hoped I could become your ally—
someone useful to Great Yan.
Have I done so?
You have.
Your Majesty!
All 10,000 Baichuan troops are assembled!
All 9,000 Pale troops are assembled!
All 6,000 Helian soldiers are assembled!
15,000 from the Black Eagle Army
and 12,000 from the Great Yan Army—
totaling 52,000 troops—
have all assembled outside the city,
awaiting Your Majesty's orders!
Your Majesty!
Your Majesty,
please take this sword with you
on the campaign
and protect Great Yan with it.
This was General Cheng's wish.
And General Cheng would once again
bring Your Majesty back safely.
I promise you.
I will uphold Cheng Yuan's will
to protect the land
and return safely.
♪ The lonely black eagle ♪
♪ Is flying against the light ♪
♪ Where is my hometown? ♪
♪ In the vast world ♪
♪ I have no origin ♪
March!
♪ And no destination ♪
Yes!
Yes! Yes! Yes!
♪ A pair of stubborn wings ♪
♪ Is born to fly ♪
I, Chu Qiao,
daughter of Great Yong's Emperor,
hereby present the jade seal
and military tally of Ximeng,
pledge my allegiance to Great Yong,
and will never break the treaty.
Guards!
Chu Qiao is a witch.
She has angered
the ancestors of Great Yong
and brought down heavenly fire.
Seize her!
Nobody move!
Step back.
Stand down.
Ministers, there is no need for panic.
There is no such thing as "heavenly fire."
What caused the portrait
to burn on its own was,
in fact, flint powder.
What is flint powder?
It's a substance
that can spontaneously ignite.
When exposed to strong sunlight
and rising temperatures,
it will catch fire on its own.
The fire seen that day
at the Jiuyou Platform
was caused by flint powder.
Zhao Che
has been using the Faceless God Sect
and flint powder to fool you all!
Nonsense!
The Faceless God Sect is
the sacred religion of Great Yong—
how dare you slander it!
You've been using its name
to eliminate your political rivals.
Muhe Lie, Wei Guang,
and the late General Meng—
were all murdered simply because they
were not his cronies.
How could the Crown Prince
commit such a treasonous act?
If you don't believe it,
order an immediate search of
the secret passage beneath the ancestral temple.
Mu Shen confessed before his death.
On Zhao Che's orders, he used
the temple renovations as a pretext
to hide large quantities of flint powder
in the secret passage.
Xing Le.
Yes, Your Majesty!
Search!
Yes!
[Chengde Hall]
There really is flint powder.
Father,
this is Chu Qiao's scheme to frame me.
Mu Shen is dead.
How can she prove that the powder
was placed there on my orders?
Father.
This woman Chu Qiao
harbors treacherous intentions.
She's colluded with Yan Xun,
seeking to throw our court into chaos.
Every move of her has been
a calculated scheme!
Father, you must not fall for her scheme.
Your Majesty,
Your Highness,
urgent report from the frontier—
the armies of Great Yan and Ximeng
have split into several forces
and are heading toward our border.
This.... This is bad.
Father,
this is precisely
Chu Qiao and Yan Xun's conspiracy.
She falsely accuses me here today
just to drive a wedge between us,
plunging Great Yong into chaos.
And Yan Xun seizes this opportunity
to dispatch troops,
forcing our state
to face attacks from both sides!
Now, the empire stands on
the brink of collapse.
At this moment of national crisis,
will you believe Chu Qiao, a witch,
or me,
the future heir of Great Yong?
Guards,
seize the witch Chu Qiao
and throw her in prison!
Don't move!
Move, and I'll kill him!
Don't move.
Witch Chu Qiao,
in collusion with General Xing Le,
has framed the Crown Prince
and misled the Emperor!
Her crimes deserve death!
Execute her on the spot!
Your Majesty...
Zhuge Yue.
You...
His Majesty has passed away.
From this moment on,
the Crown Prince is the new Emperor.
All shall obey the Crown Prince's command!
Witch Chu Qiao,
together with the traitor Xing Le,
has committed regicide and rebellion.
Seize them both!
Let go!
Who dares to move?
Huan Huan.
Let Chu Qiao and General Xing Le go!
Otherwise, I'll kill you!
Huan Huan...
Don't force me.
Do I need to say that again?
Let them go!
Step aside!
Huan Huan.
Come with us.
Chu Qiao,
Yan Xun's army and Ximeng's army
are already on their way.
Do you want us all to die here?
General Chu,
let's go.
Hurry.
Huan Huan,
why do you force my hand?
You know—
better than anyone—
I have no choice!
As long as you stop now,
it's not too late.
And if I don't...
you will kill me,
right?
Yes.
Huan Huan,
from the day you and I were ambushed
in the woods of Great Yan,
from the day you accompanied me
to Yan County
to rally my troops—
there has been no turning back for me.
No,
there is.
I know
you are not a man
consumed by greed and ambition.
I know there is goodness in you.
The endless warfare of Great Yong
is not what you want to see either.
Zhao Che.
Let go of all this...
and come with me.
Let's restore peace
to Great Yong and Great Yan.
We can call a truce and make peace,
just as your father
and the old King of Great Yan once did.
Then...
we can leave together,
okay?
Okay.
Zhuge Yue, Prince of Jing, hear my order—
surround General Xing Le's residence
immediately
and launch a citywide manhunt
for the witch Chu Qiao.
Yes.
Huan Huan,
you were still too naive.
This world was never meant
for someone like you.
General Xing,
what's the situation
with Great Yan and Ximeng?
My men just sent word—
Great Yan's army has broken through
the border of Great Yong
from the southwest.
The Yong Army has been forced
to retreat from Ximeng Pass
and is rerouting via the Yuan River
to reinforce the southwestern frontier.
Moreover,
Biantang has also dispatched troops.
General Sun Di is leading 50,000 soldiers
to join forces with Great Yan and Ximeng
to advance on Great Yong.
Are our men
ready?
I've gathered
all the trusted troops I could mobilize—
a total of 100 men.
They're assembled at Shili Hill
outside the city,
awaiting your orders.
One hundred men
are enough.
That's Zhao Che's, right?
♪ The dust in the world ♪
We met in Baige Town in Great Yan.
♪ Is blown away easily by the wind ♪
I didn't know who he was at the time.
♪ Who can stay calm ♪
After I returned to Great Yan,
I found him framed
and already wounded
from being hunted down.
♪ And not be scared? ♪
♪ A slight ripple ♪
He asked me to escort him
to rejoin his old subordinates.
♪ Floating life hangs by a thread ♪
But I never imagined
♪ The more pulled, the softer it gets ♪
he would bring his troops back
to Zhenhuangcheng
just for this day.
♪ Who dares to say forever? ♪
♪ Let it be ♪
♪ Grudges and grace
were never meant to be ♪
I'll be using a sword tomorrow,
♪ Why must you take and demand so much? ♪
and wearing this will get in the way.
♪ Go weaving ♪
Won't you regret it?
♪ Grand and glorious excuses ♪
We made a pact long ago—
♪ We once beheld ♪
the next time we met,
♪ A mirage on earth ♪
we'd only be enemies.
♪ Beauty never ♪
♪ Lasts for long ♪
♪ No matter how a jade is carved ♪
♪ It's just a stone ♪
♪ It will eventually disappear ♪
The sword pierced Your Highness's abdomen,
striking
the child in the womb.
Your Highness's life is not in danger,
but
the child cannot be saved.
Your Majesty,
Great Yan's army
has already breached our southwest border.
Our troops at Ximeng Pass
have been dispatched to
reinforce the southwest.
But this leaves
the northwest frontier
dangerously underdefended.
If the Ximeng Army
takes this chance to attack,
we may be caught completely off guard!
What should we do?
Pass down my orders—
send troops to
reinforce Ximeng Pass at once.
Your Majesty,
our forces are already stretched thin.
The remaining men must guard the capital.
If we draw more soldiers
from the capital now,
it will only invite further chaos!
How far have Great Yan's forces
advanced?
They've already reached Ling County.
Once they cross the Luanxi River,
it will truly be too late!
Brother!
There is only one way left.
The Quanrong people in the northwest
are burly and skilled in battle.
Please, Your Majesty, propose
a marriage alliance with the Quanrong,
offering me in return for
their military support.
That way,
we can quell the crisis on our border.
A marriage alliance?
Sending the Princess to a foreign land
would indeed secure military support,
but this is truly humiliating!
What would become of Great Yong's dignity?
The state is
on the brink of collapse!
Which matters more—
dignity, or the survival of the nation?
Since the founding of Great Yong,
there has never been
a precedent for a princess
being married off to a foreign state.
No precedent—
so no exception can be made?
It must not be done!
Stop arguing!
[Temple of the Faceless God]
Your Majesty,
are you really going to
send Princess Chun'er
to the Quanrong for a marriage alliance?
Why not?
Jia Meng has come from the Quanrong.
She's brought a state letter of
marriage alliance from their chieftain,
offering 100,000 Quanrong troops
in support.
The Quanrong are brutal
and bloodthirsty by nature.
For years, we have kept
our distance from them
with virtually no contact.
To trade the Princess
for their soldiers now—
setting aside
whether those 100,000 troops
would truly obey us—
if they harbor any ulterior motives
and seize the opportunity to act,
by the time
we react,
it may already be too late.
Zhuge Yue,
you oppose this marriage alliance
with the Quanrong in exchange for troops?
Is it because you fear
they may turn against us,
or because you can't bear to
watch Ximeng perish,
to see Chu Qiao die?
Zhuge Yue,
do you wish for Chu Qiao
and Great Yan to win,
or do you want to go back to
being King Ximeng?
There's something
I still haven't asked you—
yesterday at the ancestral temple,
you acted on your own
and killed the late Emperor.
What exactly was your intention?
I did so to
get Your Highness
out of the dire situation.
If you hadn't acted yesterday,
Chu Qiao would never have
had the chance to escape.
And I wouldn't have had to bear the crime
of patricide and regicide
in front of everyone.
Did you do that
to help me
or to help Chu Qiao leave?
Your Highness,
the late Emperor
had already discovered your plan.
Pretending to believe you
was just a temporary measure.
If we hadn't acted then,
given his wariness and caution,
the moment
he walked out of Tianyuan Palace,
he would've tried everything
to turn the tables.
By then,
it would have been too late
for us to act.
Zhuge Yue,
do you know?
When the late Emperor successfully
inherited the throne,
your grandfather Zhuge Muqing
rendered great service.
Yet the late Emperor
never regarded him
with the same suspicion and ruthlessness
he showed toward Yan Shicheng.
That was because your grandfather
knew his place.
He understood
he stood beneath the sovereign.
He would not interfere in matters
that were not his concern.
This subject
understands.
I want you to help me stop Zhao Che
and completely transform
the realm of Great Yong.
Today,
I shall see who emerges victorious
in this Faceless God Temple.
Zhao Chun'er has opened the border gates
and allowed the Quanrong to enter.
I have made my decision—
I shall lead the army
to face them in battle.